so from front lines to home front right
yeah it's actually a new IP for us so
it's not a sequel to front lines it's a
totally new game we really want to
explore what this idea of exciting in
your hometown was like so we want to
bring the game to the USA and really
explore this unique setting you know so
we're actually working with John Milius
you might note from movies like
Apocalypse Now and you know
writer-director on Red Dawn and he's
helping us crap this world I'm making it
feel really unique and authentic so so
in terms of gameplay what that mean that
you're fighting on your home front sure
so I mean if you might have seen in our
demo here you see a lot of intense
first-person action in cinema you know
combat so you've all we've also got that
you know that gameplay variety you can
expect so there's a lot more than just
shooting in this game you'll be able to
control vehicles you be able to even fly
aircraft we've been because we're 20
years in the future we've taken a lot of
the technology that the military is
developing today we're kind of rejecting
what it would be in 20 years and giving
you access to those tools and also what
has happened to the world why why is the
US occupied so in our world we had an
energy crisis and so thats basically
caused this huge global depression and
kind of collapse of a lot of government
structures that you'd normally expect to
be you know to be present addition to
that the US has become occupied by the
Koreans so in our world North Korea has
actually become a major nuclear power
and taken over South Korea become a huge
regional force how they managed to
actually occupy the United States is one
of the mysteries though you'll get to
unravel throughout the course of the
single-player game so something very
cool in the demo was something called
the Goliath can't tell us a little bit
about that and what role it plays in the
game sure yeah so the Goliath is one of
our cool you know advanced military
hardware that the player is going to be
able to use in the game and it's
basically a six-wheeled unmanned combat
vehicle and what it does is it responds
to the players orders the player can
give it targets to attack and it will
take out high-value targets for you you
can also use it for mobile cover so it
provides a lot interesting gameplay
opportunities it's actually just one of
the few pieces of hardware you'll have
access to in the game there's a quite a
wider variety that's the only one we're
showing today in this demo you have a
really a foundation in multiplayer
gaming can you tell us something about
the multiplayer component of the game I
would love to tell you a lot more about
the multiplayer game we're not actually
releasing into details right now but I
can't tell you there will be a
large-scale warfare game so it's going
to be more than just the infantry only
shooter and you're going to be able to
use vehicles and there's going to be a
lot of players so it's what we tried to
do really is bring the intensity in the
pacing of a first-person infantry game
to the large-scale warfare experience so
we're actually really excited to work on
multiple grab a plate that's every day
in the studio we play all the time and
you know when we roll it out we'll
definitely be giving you guys a call and
make sure that you get in a lot of
information about it oh the first person
shooter genre is very crowded there's
very tough competition like what will
you say is the one thing that makes
homefront stand out and you're in your
opinion well it's actually more than one
thing there's three three big things
actually we're really trying to focus on
one is that unique setting you know
because we're fighting in America and
this is this is a setting you really
haven't explored in a lot of games yet
and you know we want to deliver more
than just you know that combat
experience so you're going to see what
civilian life is like under the
occupation you can see more of what
America is like an after this energy
crisis and we feel like that's a you
know a pretty big differentiator for us
another one is that intense cinematic
action combined with in-game
storytelling so it's more than just
shooting everything that moves you
actually have a plot that you know
characters that pull you through the
game as you may have seen our demo
characters that talk to you then you
look at you and you react to you so we
try to pair up that you know that Titan
immersive storytelling with that intense
action and the third thing you know is
that those unique military piece
hardware and toys like the Goliath that
we showed you today so there's saying
you know those are just you know the
three big things for the single player
game and of course there's a quite a
number of big features from a
multiplayer product you know that we're
not talking about this time so the devil
looked very polished like what stage of
development are you at and what what
Wendy aims have it ready so actually
we're still fairly early in development
we've been working on it for a year but
there's still a fair bit of time to go
so we're not announcing the final ship
date yet but we use this demo to
basically set the quality bar and set
the kind of the tone for the game that
we're trying to perpetuate across the
single-player game so you deck you
definitely expect this level polish in
the final product thank you very much
for timing thanks very much